# Meeting 4

## Date: June 3rd, 2025. 8:45PM

Attendees:
- Aditya Dutt
- Aldrin Ilagan
- Ali Farahbakhsh
- Cody Lee
- George Minasyan
- Jay Gao
- Jonathan Cohen-Wang
- Julia Wu
- Kevin Sun
- Richard Nie
- Terri Tai

## Type: Online Video Call on Discord

## Resources Used:
Google Docs: [For General Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cVjgjiC7jq2INrBKUzjOeof_UtfLBN9KkbjJG4yizk8/edit?usp=sharing)

## Meeting Goals:

- [ x ] Establish the remaining aspects of the existing components to finish and finalize.
- [ x ] Prioritize the important aspects to improve/add QoL details to our features.
- [ x ] Establish the scope and ideas that we can reasonably work for throughout the last week of coding.
- [ x ] Establish the official final deadlines for coding and implementation.

## Main Notes:

Our last sprint will just be focusing on improving our existing features to make them more detailed and visually more pleasing as a general product, fitting a color sceheme of UCSD Tritons.
Grid View:
- Adding a sorting feature (By rarity or professor name)
- Creating the duplicate feature (show a number in the corner of a card showing how many you have in possession)
- When clicking on a card, have it zoom in to show the card in more detail
- If there are zero cards on the grid, have a small message saying how there are no cards right now.

Card Deck:
- The card deck can be completely removed, since we no longer need it thanks to having the grid view. We can make the grid view the main page of our website.

Shop:
- Make the shop look prettier and fit the color scheme (Colors codes are written at the end). Outside of that, not much else to be implemented due to it functionally working well.

Header/Footer:
- Cotinue improving the header and footer of the page by fitting the theme we are going for, and improving mobile implementation

For Entire Website:
- Changing visual aspects to be more appealing and consistent. Main importance should be on using the UCSD colors as the standardized color scheme:
Navy Blue - #182B49 
Blue - #00629B
Yellow -  #FFCD00
Gold - #C69214

- Add small animations to the buttons to make them feel more lively (Similar to what was done for the cards when you hover over them).

Testing:
- Implement e2e testing (is already in progress and will be finished halfway through the week).

Mobile Implementation:
- Make sure that the ui and the app features work perfectly fine and fitting on a mobile device (this will be a priority AFTER we have done everything else in the list to make sure our app is finalized. Jay has stated to have interest in doing this.)

## Additional Notes:
- Make sure to include documentation comments with your code, so that our JSDocs can be an efficient and resourceful source describing how our code works.
- Good luck on our last official sprint for this project :).
