# Meeting 2
## Date: May 19th, 2025. 8:30PM

## Attendees:
- Aldrin Ilagan
- Cody Lee
- Jonathan Cohen-Wang
- Mei Man Teng Lam
- Terri Tai
- Julia Wu
- Ali Farahbakhsh 
- George Minasyan
- Additya Dutt
- Jay Gao
- Kevin Sun

## Type: Online Video Call on Discord

## Resources Used:
Google Docs: [For General Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14gpTxRUK7MhKe5HAvbzKh_RFHzHZ3jeAwTyFxbmCN1Y/edit?tab=t.0)

## Meeting Goals:
- [x] Establish what tasks are still yet to be implemented from previous week (mostly card-deck component and header-footer)
- [x] Establish the scope of our project for this upcoming week's sprint
- [x] Define the next step in our project and the features to be implemented throughout this week
- [ ] Create the tasks on Github Project and assign them to members 

## Main Notes:
- Card-deck component and header-footer components have yet to be implemented:
  > Card-deck component will be worked on right after the meeting ends, and will be accomplished by end of Tuesday.
  > Header-footer will be worked on tommorow, but isn't a major priority for now.
- New tasks have been planned out and what to implement next to our project for this upcoming week.
- Assigning of the tasks and scope will be adjusted and properly done at around Wednesday of the week.

## Established Tasks:

- Card Rarities:
  > Having a Common and Rare/Rare and Super Rare version of the same card.
  > Depending on the type of card you pull, it plays a different sound and animation.
- Wallet System:
  > Implementing a currency to be used for getting cards. 
  > Will take the approach of a "cookie clicker" esque minigame for obtaining currency.
  > The clicker will be a trident spear (to match the UCSD Triton theme). When clicked, it gives you a coin. It will just be a simple image of the Trident that ripples from each click.
  > IF WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME: We can implement the clicker to be more animated and detailed with the clicks.
- Card Duplicate Component:
  > If you get a second of the same card and rarity, you get the option to either convert to currency, or merge it with the same card for a rarer one (with a small currency fee.)
- Card Pack Component:
  > Creating a card pack opening animation and the animation of the card being pulled.
