# Sprint 1 Review 
## Date: May 18th, 2025. 8:10PM

## Attendees:
- Aldrin Ilagan
- Cody Lee
- Jonathan Cohen-Wang
- Mei Man Teng Lam
- Terri Tai
- Julia Wu
- Ali Farahbakhsh 
- Additya Dutt
- Kevin Sun
- George Minasyan
- Richard Nie
- Jay Gao

## Type: Online Video Call on Discord

## Resources Used:

[Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16wE906ZTQJBR-ZOM8NutkjISwPqHlVVOXSBEk2PMyqc/edit?tab=t.0)

## Task Progress

### #27: Get 20 Professors (Cody and Mei)
- 11 Professors out of 20 have been confirmed to be included in the project, with images and bio's provided.
- Some of the professor are still not confirmed as they have not responded yet.
- IF by end of next week we have not been able to receive more responses from professors, we will use stock images and information available in public UCSD websites.

### #24: Card-Deck Component (George, Aldrin, Additya)
- Outside of minor tweaks, not much progress accomplished on the task due to personal emergencies and conflicts
- Prioritize on finalizing most of this task by the deadline for the first Example Video due midnight of 5/20.

### #26: Site Header/Footer (Terri, Richard, Jay)
- Not much progress accomplished on the task due to personal circumstances and due to the task's less important factor for our MVP.
- While not as important as #24, will get a kickstart on an idea and template by midway of the following week.

### #25: Frog-Card Component (Jonathan, Julia, Kevin)
- 90% of the intended Frog-Card component has been implement for the MVP (Card flipping, information in back, image in the front, next and previous buttons.)
- Still need to program a dynamic sizing adjustment (If the card is shrinked down, make all of the other details shrink down with it like text, image, etc.)

## Additional Progress
- Ali: Created the Github Project, started and assigned tasks to all members, helped define the MVP for the project, organized the workflow and seperation of the teams for the tasks.
- George: Organized the repo, added the meeting notes and created standup channels for team members to discuss their progress in, update the main README file to include important information (Links to ADR's, Meetings, Pipeline, etc.)
- Jonathan: Created and uploaded concept art of how a final card collector project can look like, priority will stay low until we are satisfied with our MVP.

## Final Notes
- Good progress made for #25 and #24, minor tweaks needed to finalize #24 and still waiting for confirmation of several professor for #25.
- #24 Shoudl be prioritized to have a general idea of a card deck for our MVP, #26 should get a proper start at an idea as well, but not as important right now.
- Aiming to accomplish as much of the remaining tasks as we can before the deadline for the first video we need to upload by the end of 05/20 for a Sample.

