# Meeting 3

## Date: May 26th, 2025. 8:50PM

Attendees:
- Ali Farahbakhsh
- Cody Lee
- George Minasyan
- Jonathan Cohen-Wang
- Julia Wu
- Kevin Sun
- Mei Man Teng Lam
- Richard Nie
- Terri Tai

## Type: Online Video Call on Discord

## Resources Used:
Google Docs: [For General Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l8bYPbPyLzi5gY7b6jc8DRjKn5r3Bla0U45V0roLmsQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Meeting Goals:

- [ x ] Establish the remaining aspects of the existing components to finish and finalize
- [ x ] Set up an idea and expectations of the project's overall style and aesthetic (Primarily focusing on the UCSD colors and the Triton Theme)
- [ x ] Identify what to do with the Card Deck component that will be replaced by the Grid Component
- [ x ] Establish a proper timeline and scope of tasks for this week to accomodate for coming midterm and deadlines

## Main Notes:

- Pretty much all of the thought out components regarding the Card Collector aspect have been implemented and functioning as expected.
- This sprint's main focus will be adding refining touches to the components to make them less barebones and more stylish, as well as implementing a consistent and eyecatching visual form to make the project pop out more. Examples include:
- 1. Adding a sorting function to the card grid, allowing them to sort by name or card type.
  2. Making the clicker less barebones by adding some small mini items or bonuses to add more interactivity to the clicker.
  3. Improving the header and footer to look more stylish and fitting for our aesthetic (Terri said they are down to work on this task)
  4. Giving the Shop a visual flair to make it more appealing, and finalizing the value of the packs. 
- Assigning of the tasks will be done around Wednesday or Thursday after the coming midterm.
- Documentation in the form of code comments must be prioritized in order to make the JSdocs more detailed and explanatory.

## New Main Tasks:
- Remodeling the Card Deck to a Card Viewer/Merger
Since the Card Deck will no longer be needed, thanks to the existence of the grid, the Card Deck components will be remade to be used as a page to display a card that was clicked in the Grid, showing the card, it's information, and the ability to merge in case of duplicates.
[Reference Image can be seen here](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1360697901181046931/1376781463604695102/Untitled_Artwork_3.jpg?ex=68369328&is=683541a8&hm=6d39d869830cd24818457c8d32e8047c22ec59aab10020f050b66e843136d1fc&)

## Additional Notes:
- Repo Organization will be done later around this week, to ensure unnecessary template files and code is deleted.

